Título: Blockchain in a nutshell

In BriefWhat is blockchain technology? What does a blockchain look like How many copies of a blockchain are there? The relationship between nodes and cybersecurity.How does blockchain work? How is data added to a blockchain? How are blocks added to a blockchain? Example of how a bitcoin transaction takes place.Use cases for blockchain technology beyond the financial sectorBlockchain, like Artificial Intelligence, appears in any conversation about technology, the future of payments, and even new forms of cyber security. But while the applications of blockchain technology seem endless, few people are sure what it is.That’s what we’re going to cover in this article.1 — What is Blockchain technology?Blockchain technology eliminates the need for a trusted party to facilitate digital relationships and is the backbone of cryptocurrencies. Blockchain is a type of accounting technology that stores and records data.In the past, transactions were tracked in written ledgers and stored in financial institutions. Traditional ledgers could be audited, but only by those with privileged access.Well, blockchain technology has taken these concepts and democratized them, removing the secrecy about how information — i.e. transaction data — was handled.Put more simply, a blockchain is a distributed list of transactions that is constantly updated and revised.Image Credits: Donal O’MahonyAs an evolution of Distributed Ledger Technologies (DLTs), it can be programmed to record and track anything of value in a network “spread out” (distributed) across multiple locations and entities. And this creates a kind of worldwide web of interconnected computers.Although blockchain technology emerged with Bitcoin in 2008, blockchain technology has also been applied in a number of areas beyond the cryptoassets market. Thanks to its unique ability to add and record data, it can serve many other functions in various sectors, such as healthcare, real estate, energy, voting, supply chain, music, streaming, 