Título: Machine Learning is Fun! Part 3: Deep Learning and Convolutional Neural Networks

190Update: This article is part of a series. Check out the full series: Part 1, Part 2, Part 3, Part 4, Part 5, Part 6, Part 7 and Part 8! You can also read this article in 普通话, Русский, 한국어, Português, Tiếng Việt, فارسی or Italiano.Giant update: I’ve written a new book based on these articles! It not only expands and updates all my articles, but it has tons of brand new content and lots of hands-on coding projects. Check it out now!Are you tired of reading endless news stories about deep learning and not really knowing what that means? Let’s change that!This time, we are going to learn how to write programs that recognize objects in images using deep learning. In other words, we’re going to explain the black magic that allows Google Photos to search your photos based on what is in the picture:Google now lets you search your own photos by description — even if they aren’t tagged! How does this work??Just like Part 1 and Part 2, this guide is for anyone who is curious about machine learning but has no idea where to start. The goal is be accessible to anyone — which means that there’s a lot of generalizations and we skip lots of details. But who cares? If this gets anyone more interested in ML, then mission accomplished!(If you haven’t already read part 1 and part 2, read them now!)Recognizing Objects with Deep Learningxkcd #1425 (View original here)You might have seen this famous xkcd comic before.The goof is based on the idea that any 3-year-old child can recognize a photo of a bird, but figuring out how to make a computer recognize objects has puzzled the very best computer scientists for over 50 years.In the last few years, we’ve finally found a good approach to object recognition using deep convolutional neural networks. That sounds like a a bunch of made up words from a William Gibson Sci-Fi novel, but the ideas are totally understandable if you break them down one by one.So let’s do it — let’s write a program that can recognize birds!Starting SimpleBefore we le