Título: Introduction to Blockchain

Series of articles for the “Blockchain for Social Impact” projectIntroductionTechnology experts and economists have deemed blockchain as the world’s most influential innovation since the Internet. Blockchain is changing the way businesses perform transactions and governments interact with their constituents. It can be used to secure payments, create digital identification cards, and electronically administer elections. Bitcoin, the world’s most well-known cryptocurrency, is powered by blockchain technology. In 2020, LinkedIn announced that blockchain was the world’s most in demand job skill.Despite its growing impact on our economy, blockchain is often misunderstood. A plethora of resources with varying levels of technical detail make it intimidating to learn about the basics of blockchain. If you have little to no understanding of blockchain, you are in the right place.The ProblemLet’s begin this journey by analyzing the problem blockchain seeks to solve.Consider Roberta and Carol.Next week is Carol’s birthday and she wants to visit Brazil to celebrate. Her friend Roberta wants to contribute to the flight as a birthday gift but doesn’t have cash on hand. Roberta calls the bank and asks them to transfer $1,000 to Carol. A week later, Carol is on her way to Brazil.How did this money transfer happen? Roberta and Carol both trusted the bank to manage their money. First, the bank verified that Roberta had $1,000 in her account. Second, the bank made an entry in its collection of account transactions, known as a ledger, reflecting the withdrawal from Roberta’s account and the deposit into Carol’s account.There was no physical movement of cash; instead there was an update to the bank’s ledger, which is owned by neither Roberta nor Carol.Roberta and Carol trusted in a third party to manage a transaction among themselves. Blockchain seeks to eliminate this reliance on a third party.The SolutionIn our example above, Roberta and Carol relied on a centralized ledger controlled