Título: What is Blockchain technology? (Part 1- Blockchain Series)

1This is the first part of the 100 part series on Blockchain.We as individuals and businesses interact with a lot of other businesses and service providers online and offline on a daily basis. We buy clothes online, import medicines from different parts of the world, and use remote financial and banking services. In such a scenario, where everything is available at your fingertips except the trust for the other party, how do you validate the authenticity of the clothes that you got online, or how do you know that the medicines you imported are genuine and not some cheap counterfeit or how do you know that your financial and personal data is safe and is not getting misused by some hacker sitting in some part of the world. There has always been a dire need for a system that can assure us that whatever we are buying is authentic, whatever data we are sharing is safe and secure. There has always been a need for a system that is reliable and robust so that trust is no longer a barrier for businesses and individuals to get things done.The solution to all of these pain points lies in Blockchain Technology. You might have heard about various cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ether, Ripple, etc., and Blockchain is the technology that powers them all.Cryptocurrencies are powered by Blockchain technologyBlockchain has gained a lot of popularity recently. It has been claimed to be a game-changer and has been even referred to as the internet of value by many industry experts. The invention of Blockchain technology can be compared to the invention of the wheel, motor, and internet that changed the world. It has been predicted that Blockchain technology will rule the next decade.What is Blockchain?Blockchain is a tamper-proof distributed digital ledger. This digital ledger is safe, secure, transparent, and decentralized, which simply means that it is not controlled by a single authority. It is like a ledger that a bank uses to keep track of all customer transactions. However, in a ba